Clarified and included CJK requirements in large text definition and updated rules affected by this change (#2121)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/text-contrast-afw4f7.md

<div role="button">My button!</div>
```

#### Passed Example 12

This 18pt bold black Japanese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background.

```html
<p style="color: #000; font-size:18pt; font-weight:700; background: #666;" lang="ja">
	中国語、日本語、及び韓国語
</p>
```

#### Passed Example 13

This 22pt black Chinese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background.

```html
<p style="color: #000; font-size:22pt; font-weight:700; background: #666;" lang="ja">
	内容无障碍指南
</p>
```

#### Passed Example 14

This 18pt black Japanese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background. Since the characters composing the sentence are not included within the Unicode standard range of 4E00–9FFF, this is [large scale text][] and passes the rule.

```html
<p style="color: #000; font-size:18pt; background: #666;" lang="ja">
	「ロック・アンド・ロール」
</p>
```

> 

Reviewer: #### Passed Example 15

This 16pt bold black Traditional Chinese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background.

```html
<p style="color: #000; font-size:16pt; font-weight:700; background: #666;" lang="zh-TW">
	內容可及性規範
</p>
```

<div role="button">My button!</div>
```

> #### Passed Example 12

Reviewer 2: I think some of the new examples should be in Korean or Chinese instead of Japanese. Not blocking, though.

Author: @Jym77, 
I've made some revisions to the examples by substituting Japanese with Chinese, utilizing the Chinese rendition of the WCAG 2.1 title.

Regarding Korean, it appears that only "Hanja" (Chinese characters) are affected by this rule. However, given my unqualified Korean language knowledge, I'm unable to craft a meaningful sentence using these Hanja characters. Any assistance from the community in providing a valid Korean sentence would be greatly appreciated.

Reviewer 3: Korean Hangul might be another special case - lines are laid out in 2 dimensions unlike Chinese and Japanese (or European languages). It's unclear what point size and line height mean for Hangul layout.

> For example, the Korean word for "honeybee" (kkulbeol) is written as 꿀벌, not ㄲㅜㄹㅂㅓㄹ.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hangul

The 꿀벌 above are are actually 2 groups of 3 characters stacked vertically (one group for each syllable).

Reviewer 3: It looks like Korean Hanja is very rare - its use and teaching was banned in 1968 - so we can probably ignore it. The ban has been repealed recently, but as a result most Korean people don't know Hanja:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanja#Decline_of_Hanja

The Hangul syllable blocks mentioned in the [comment above](https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/2121#discussion_r1346372231) are precomposed into 11,000+ Unicode code points so point size is the size of the precomposed glyph.
https://www.w3.org/TR/klreq/#hangulcodes

This is similar to the way accents like circumflex and vowels are precomposed Unicode code points in French, as in the letter ô in hôpital 

The Hangul Jamo code points can be combined into single glyphs representing a syllable. This is similar to how the letter ['o' U+006F](https://www.compart.com/en/unicode/U+006f) and combining circumflex ['◌̂' U+0302](https://codepoints.net/U+0302?lang=en) can be composed into the glyph ô

This 18pt bold black Japanese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background.

```html
<p style="color: #000; font-size:18pt; font-weight:700; background: #666;" lang="ja">
	中国語、日本語、及び韓国語
</p>
```

#### Passed Example 13

This 22pt black Japanese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background.

```html
<p style="color: #000; font-size:22pt; font-weight:700; background: #666;" lang="ja">
	中国語、日本語、及び韓国語
</p>
```

#### Passed Example 14

> This 18pt black Japanese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background. Since the characters composing the sentence are not included within the Unicode standard range of 4E00–9FFF, it's passing the rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This 18pt black Japanese text has a contrast ratio of 3.6:1 on the gray background. Since the characters composing the sentence are not included within the Unicode standard range of 4E00–9FFF, this is [large scale text][] and passes the rule.
```
